c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\le\FezPanda.exe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\be\FezPanda.exe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\le\FezPanda.pdb
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\be\FezPanda.pdb
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\FezPanda.exe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\FezPanda.pdb
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\le\FezPanda.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\le\FezPanda.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\be\FezPanda.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\be\FezPanda.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Pins.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\LE\IHMSSI.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\LE\MicroToolsKit.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Pins.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\BE\IHMSSI.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\BE\MicroToolsKit.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Pins.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\LE\IHMSSI.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\LE\MicroToolsKit.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Pins.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\BE\IHMSSI.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\BE\MicroToolsKit.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\GHI.Pins.dll
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\IHMSSI.dll
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\MicroToolsKit.dll
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\IHMSSI.pdb
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\GHI.Pins.xml
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\bin\Debug\MicroToolsKit.xml
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\obj\Debug\FezPanda.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\obj\Debug\FezPanda.Resources.resources
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\obj\Debug\FezPanda.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\obj\Debug\FezPanda.Resources.tinyresources
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\obj\Debug\be\FezPanda.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\obj\Debug\be\FezPanda.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\obj\Debug\le\FezPanda.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\obj\Debug\le\FezPanda.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\obj\Debug\FezPanda.exe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\FezPanda\obj\Debug\FezPanda.pdb
