c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\obj\Debug\IHMSSI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\le\IHMSSI.dll
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\be\IHMSSI.dll
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\le\IHMSSI.pdb
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\be\IHMSSI.pdb
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\IHMSSI.dll
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\IHMSSI.pdb
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\le\IHMSSI.pe
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\le\IHMSSI.pdbx
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\be\IHMSSI.pe
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\be\IHMSSI.pdbx
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\LE\MicroToolsKit.pe
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\BE\MicroToolsKit.pe
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\LE\MicroToolsKit.pdbx
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\BE\MicroToolsKit.pdbx
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\MicroToolsKit.dll
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\bin\Debug\MicroToolsKit.xml
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\obj\Debug\be\IHMSSI.pe
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\obj\Debug\be\IHMSSI.pdbx
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\obj\Debug\le\IHMSSI.pe
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\obj\Debug\le\IHMSSI.pdbx
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\obj\Debug\IHMSSI.dll
c:\users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\IHMSSI\obj\Debug\IHMSSI.pdb
