c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\obj\Debug\Netduino.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\le\Netduino.exe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\be\Netduino.exe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\le\Netduino.pdb
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\be\Netduino.pdb
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\Netduino.exe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\Netduino.pdb
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\le\Netduino.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\le\Netduino.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\be\Netduino.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\be\Netduino.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\LE\IHMSSI.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\LE\MicroToolsKit.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\BE\IHMSSI.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\BE\MicroToolsKit.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\LE\IHMSSI.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\LE\MicroToolsKit.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\BE\IHMSSI.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\BE\MicroToolsKit.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\IHMSSI.dll
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\MicroToolsKit.dll
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\IHMSSI.pdb
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\MicroToolsKit.xml
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\obj\Debug\be\Netduino.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\obj\Debug\be\Netduino.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\obj\Debug\le\Netduino.pe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\obj\Debug\le\Netduino.pdbx
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\obj\Debug\Netduino.exe
c:\Users\phili\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IHMSSI\Netduino\obj\Debug\Netduino.pdb
